Security: The degree of protection against danger, damage, loss, and criminal activity
Confidentiality: Ensuring that data is not disclosed to unintended persons.
Integrity: Ensuring that data is not modified or tampered with.
Availability: Ensuring that a system is up so that data is available when needed.
Non-Repudiation: Providing the validation of a message's origin.
Asset: Something that has value to an individual or an organization.
Threat: Anything that has the potential to cause the loss of an asset.
Threat Agent: The person or entity that carries out a threat.
Vulnerability: An opening or weakness in the system.
Exploit: A procedure, a piece of software, or a sequence of commands that takes advantage of a 
         vulnerability to actually carry out an attack.
Targeted Attack: A type of threat in which threat actors actively pursue and compromise a target entity's infrastructure while 
         maintaining anonymity.
Opportunistic attack: An attack where the threat actor is almost always trying to make money as fast as possible and with 
         minimal effort.
Insider: A threat agent who has authorized access to an organization and either intentionally or unintentially carries out an attack
Competitor: A threat agent who uses their technical knowledge to bypass security, exploit a vulnerability, and gain access to 
         protected information. 
Hacker: Any threat agent who uses their technical knowledge to bypass security, exploit a vulnerability, and gain access to protected
         information.
Cybercriminal: A subcategory of hacker threat agents that are willing to make more risks and use more extreme tactics for financial 
         gain.
Nation state: A threat agent that is sovereign state who may wage an all-out war on a target and have significant resources and money at
         their disposal.
Internal threat: A threat from authorized individuals or group that attack a network from the outside and seek to gain unauthorized 
         access to data.       
External threat: A threat from individuals or groups that attack a network from the outside and seeks to gain unauthorized access
         to data. 
Persistant threat: A threat that seeks to gain access to a network and remain there undected.
Non-persistant threat: A threat where the only concern is getting into a system and stealing information and is usually a one-time 
         event where the attacker is not concerned if their presence is noticed.
Open-source intelligence: Information that is readily available to the public and doesn't require any type of malicious activity to obtain.               
